In computer programming, a mutex (mutual exclusion object) is a program object that is created so that multiple program thread can take turns sharing the same resource, such as access to a file. Typically, when a program is started, it creates a mutex for a given resource at the beginning by requesting it from the system and the system returns a unique name or ID for it. After that, any thread needing the resource must use the mutex to lock the resource from other threads while it is using the resource. If the mutex is already locked, a thread needing the resource is typically queued by the system and then given control when the mutex becomes unlocked (when once more, the mutex is locked during the new thread's use of the resource).

Source: https://searchnetworking.techtarget.com/definition/mutex

A Bloom filter is a space-efficient probabilistic data structure, conceived by Burton Howard Bloom in 1970, that is used to test whether an element is a member of a set. False positive matches are possible, but false negatives are not – in other words, a query returns either "possibly in set" or "definitely not in set". Elements can be added to the set, but not removed (though this can be addressed with a "counting" filter); the more elements that are added to the set, the larger the probability of false positives.

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloom_filter

Database normalization is the process of structuring a relational database in accordance with a series of so-called normal forms in order to reduce data redundancy and improve data integrity. It was first proposed by Edgar F. Codd as an integral part of his relational model.
Normalization entails organizing the columns (attributes) and tables (relations) of a database to ensure that their dependencies are properly enforced by database integrity constraints. It is accomplished by applying some formal rules either by a process of synthesis (creating a new database design) or decomposition (improving an existing database design).

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Database_normalization

How do you find the k-th smallest element in a binary search tree?
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-k-th-smallest-element-in-bst-order-statistics-in-bst/

Content-Type header is how you select the body format to send or receive POST requests

Build tic-tac-toe. Fix webscrapper