A mutex (mutual exclusion object) is a program object that is created so that multiple program thread can take turns sharing the same resource, such as access to a file. Typically, when a program is started, it creates a mutex for a given resource at the beginning by requesting it from the system and the system returns a unique name or ID for it. After that, any thread needing the resource must use the mutex to lock the resource from other threads while it is using the resource. If the mutex is already locked, a thread needing the resource is typically queued by the system and then given control when the mutex becomes unlocked (when once more, the mutex is locked during the new thread's use of the resource).

Source: https://searchnetworking.techtarget.com/definition/mutex

A Bloom filter is a space-efficient probabilistic data structure, conceived by Burton Howard Bloom in 1970, that is used to test whether an element is a member of a set. False positive matches are possible, but false negatives are not – in other words, a query returns either "possibly in set" or "definitely not in set". Elements can be added to the set, but not removed (though this can be addressed with a "counting" filter); the more elements that are added to the set, the larger the probability of false positives.

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloom_filter

Database normalization is the process of structuring a relational database in accordance with a series of so-called normal forms in order to reduce data redundancy and improve data integrity. It was first proposed by Edgar F. Codd as an integral part of his relational model.
Normalization entails organizing the columns (attributes) and tables (relations) of a database to ensure that their dependencies are properly enforced by database integrity constraints. It is accomplished by applying some formal rules either by a process of synthesis (creating a new database design) or decomposition (improving an existing database design).

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Database_normalization

In C, the library function malloc is used to allocate a block of memory on the heap. The program accesses this block of memory via a pointer that malloc returns. When the memory is no longer needed, the pointer is passed to free which deallocates the memory so that it can be used for other purposes.
Dynamically allocated memory created with either calloc() or malloc() doesn't get freed on their own. You must explicitly use free() to release the space.

Sources: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_dynamic_memory_allocation
https://www.programiz.com/c-programming/c-dynamic-memory-allocation#free

HashMap is a data structure which allows us to store object and retrieve it in constant time O(1) provided we know the key. In hashing, hash functions are used to link key and value in HashMap. ... HashMap internally stores mapping in the form of Map.Entry object which contains both key and value object.

Since the internal array of HashMap is of fixed size, and if you keep storing objects, at some point of time hash function will return same bucket location for two different keys, this is called collision in HashMap. In this case, a linked list is formed at that bucket location and a new entry is stored as next node.

If we try to retrieve an object from this linked list, we need an extra check to search correct value, this is done by equals() method. Since each node contains an entry, HashMap keeps comparing entry's key object with the passed key using equals() and when it return true, Map returns the corresponding value.

Source: https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2011/02/how-hashmap-works-in-java.html

Other:
Use in-order traversal (Left Root Right) to find the k-th smallest element in a binary search tree
Content-Type header tells the client what the content type of the returned content actually is. In requests, (such as POST or PUT), the client tells the server what type of data is actually sent.
Build tic-tac-toe, one player vs computer